It was around fifth or sixth grade, something like that.
Occasionally, I would ride to school and to friends with
the bicycle.
When I was bored on the way back home,
I liked to play a game to see how long I could close my eyes
and still ride.
There was this long downhill stretch; usually, no
cars passed there. At the end of the downhill, there was
a small bump in the road that completely crosses
the road. I would close my eyes before
the bump and open them after crossing it.
That was my sign. Each time, I increased the
distance from the bump.
5 meters, 12 meters, past the tree near
the garden.
There was one time that I started really far from the bump.
So far that it was barely visible.
I told myself I would count to 10, and if I
hadn’t reached the bump, I’d open my
eyes. I closed my eyes and started counting.
One. Two.
Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine.
Right before I reached ten, I toppled over into
a field. I remember standing up
and saying to myself, “Wow, I’m an idiot.”
Letting go of the handlebars while my eyes were
closed… What was I thinking?
I looked at my hands, and they were all scraped up.
They just burned. I could feel the pulse in every
part of my hand. My legs were full
of cuts, and blood wouldn’t stop dripping from my lip.
For the first time, I felt that my body was truly fragile.
Sometimes, I think about how lucky I was. what would have
happened if instead of a wheat field there were a lot of
stones? Or if a car had hit me?
Who knows?